when I was a struggling Pilates
instructor I was actually working in a
warehouse maintaining clients and making
these videos for you guys my wife was in
school and she was working a very
physical job all while 8 months pregnant
and the reason I'm saying this is
because the only way I was able to go
full-time doing this right when my
daughter was born was because of this
product but soon flexi joints will now
be leaving to go in a New Direction what
the best joint health supplement out
there is leaving yes and it's very sad
because not only is this a great
supplement it's meant a lot for my
family and I the same great formula will
be back sometime in the future under a
new name but the OG flexi joints will
still be available while supplies last
until they're gone they are 30% off if
you use code goodbye thank you for your
unending support of the flexi family and
of course stay flexy